📝 Improve get started docs (#2416)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/layouts/shortcodes/get-started/build-hook.md

<div x-show="stack === 'python' || stack === 'nodejs' || stack === 'golang' || stack === 'java'">

To build your app, you may also need to add commands to go through the build process.
These are included in what's known as the build hook.

> Add something similar to the following to the end of the file you just added:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the end of your .platform.app.yaml file, add the following build hook example and adapt it to your needs:
```

Author: Agreed that we'll keep the location information in tabs for now and try to work and making that more noticeable
